# BH-Mergers
Version 1.0
## Description
This repository contains a research project to study binary black hole systems. The primary focus is to interface machine learning with BBH data and related parameters to predict the gravitational radiation generated by the merger of two stellar black holes. This study includes but not limited to simulating the collision and predicting the kick velocity along with the resulting path. Further, the model would consider cases like presence of dark matter, varying angular momentum, spin orientation and localized star systems. However the
dark matter presence in the core is not entirely understood to perform simulations, pre-existing learning models involving dark matter are used to simulate these cases of parameterized mergers. While simulating the spinning BBH systems might be relatively convenient (not considering the case where the system might stall), the non-spinning yet equal mass systems are also a part of the plan. Assuming the nearly infinite observation coordinate and time dilation, the first approach was to study the evolutionary effects of a black hole over the years and extend that knowledge graph over to binary/star systems. The current status of this study includes the in-depth analysis of evolution of X-ray binaries, particularly the GRS 1915+105 in this case with the data retrieved by the GRANAT observatory. The light curve was classified into energy bands and predictive models like random forests and multi dimensional regressions were run over it to analyze how the data behaves.
